# THE REFACTOR

Alrighty, so its pretty clear now this project was abandoned for a short while.
I focused on other projects, goals, and interests in general as it was a side project.

Coming back to it now, I decided to maintain this project more seriously so that development
with LOVE2D can be maintainable, and quick to iterate and debug.

With 0.3 I want to release the standard library, rewrite the whole CLI in C++.
This is due to me wanting to make the CLI overall, more effecient.

# So What Features Are Planned?

Of course, I already stated the standard library, and a rewrite will finally be coming,
but we also have the following planned by 0.3's release.

* ASSET STORE
    * Share assets and prefabs across the web easily.
    * Use assets preloaded, instantly, or customize to your needs.
    * Get **PAID** for __**YOUR**__ assets! (All payments will go through Stripe)
    * More details will be annouced later.

* FILESYSTEM CONFIGURATION
This requires a bit of changes to how LDK's inner systems work!
It currently is a bit funky and sometimes works but almost always assumes the
file/folder exists and pops out a error, which needs to be exited gracefully with a proper error message.

* EDITOR
I ideally want an Editor for all LDK games, but that will take lots of time, this will likely come in 0.4 or 0.5 
This will be compromised on by focusing on the CLI end building up tooling around the kit and then the editor can
come to fruition.

* LONG TERM MAINTAINENCE!
After bouncing between projects for so long,
I have decided to land on completing a bunch of features for at least one.
This project needs to shine a bit more, but its got scuffs and cobwebs everywhere.
So I will now be the main maintainer for the love-development-kit going forward.
Contribution guidelines will be more lined out also. With 0.3's release I will be
confident in promoting the kit, but it's not exactly a "kit" yet. I still have lots
of work and planning to do.

# So In The End?
We are getting an asset store, some more fine grain customizations, and a promise to maintain this project.
To see more rapid updates, my devlog site will be lauching soon! (https://synicalmx.vercel.app/)

If you wish to support me, please consider [buying me a coffee.](https://buymeacoffee.com/synicalmxcu)

